One of the biggest fears that I had joining college was that I wasn't
good enough. When I started going to Berkeley, I just barely started
computer science. So, I was a noob. I was just a very new person with
computer science and during the orientation, there's is this guy
that's, you know, kind of, explaining what the campus is like, what
life is going to be like, what you can expect from the liberal campus
and I was sitting in the computer science group and to my left and
right were two of my newest friends. To my left, there was a Java programmer,
he'd been programming for eight years, he was an expert in
this field, he'd, you know, made several programs and, like, he explained
all of this to me and I'm like, "Okay, we're going to be going
to the same class, alright" and to my right, there was somebody very
very similar. He was, like, accepted to Stanford and he went to
Berkeley because it's cheaper but, he had been programming since he
was twelve, when he made his first computer, you know, like, blah blah
blah and I was like, "Okay, so this is the average people going to
my university and we're going to be taking the, all right, I got some
work for me to do." So, that was what was on my plate when I first
started going. For the military, I would say that something similar
was going, I felt was going to happen. I joined the nuclear technology
side of the Electrician's mate course and I had never liked engineering
things at all, at all. I was the opposite. I liked driving
my car but if you told me to change my oil, I would say, "I don't think
so. I'm going to take it in to Midas." I don't like grease, I didn't
like screw drivers. The biggest accomplishment I'd done, as far
as, like, mechanical type things was, I had put shingles on a house
and yeah, I was outside and yeah, you know, the air smelled fine but
those mechanical type jobs, I just didn't feel at that time was for
me. So, that's one of the reasons I actually joined the nuclear side
of the Electrician's Mate. It's because, I actually wanted to challenge
myself in that. I wanted to, kind of, see what that side was
like, so. But when I joined, I'm pretty sure everybody there had a
big head start over me that I had to overcome.